Add more info to the Monitor Overview (#22245)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/types/real_user_monitoring.md

## Overview

Datadog's[Real User Monitoring (RUM)][1]  provides real-time visibility into individual user activity for web and mobile applications. It addresses performance tracking, error management, analytics, and support use cases. 

> Once RUM for your organization, you can create a RUM monitor to alert you when a specific RUM event type exceeds a predefined threshold over a given period of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you enable RUM for your organization, you can create a RUM monitor to alert you when a specific RUM event type exceeds a predefined threshold over a given period of time.
```
